Skip to search
Skip to main content
Return to home page
Women
Men
Kids
Babies
Search
No items in the basket

Only in the app: Get up to -50% on selected styles. Pre-shopping in the app

Navigated to Fashion and clothing to feel good | C&A page.
Discover styles for the whole family

Women
Men
Kids
Babies
Top categories for women
Dresses from 15.99 €
Blouses from 12,99 €
Swimwear from 9.99€
Shorts from 17,99 €
T-shirts & tops from 5,99€
Shop now
More for less
Multipacks from
€4.99
€4
99
Shop now
Styles in plus sizes
Shop now
Top categories for men
Shirts from 19,99 €
Swimwear from 12,99 €
Trousers from 19,99 €
Suits from 39,99€
Fashion for the whole family. Trendy and at fair prices
Affordable fashion of the best quality

That's what you'll find in the C&A online store. Welcome! We have the right clothing in our range for every taste. Choose from men's clothing, women's clothing, and children's clothing so that you can easily find what you're looking for. In different fashion categories, you can browse to your heart's content or get inspired by trends and looks specially curated for you and your wardrobe. Which trends should absolutely not be missing from your wardrobe or your child's closet? Discover them and treat yourself to a great new outfit at a surprisingly low price. Here you can afford it, and you'll get good quality that you'll enjoy for a long time. Do you want to stay informed about the latest discount promotions, vouchers, and other news in the C&A store so you don't miss out on a bargain? Then be sure to sign up for our newsletter and be among the first to hear about fashion trends at C&A!

C&A offers you special bargains

Whether you want to visit us in one of the many stores in Germany or enjoy browsing our extensive range online, it is important to us to offer you a unique shopping experience. Every customer is important to us, and with our fashion range and customer service, we want to make affordable quality products available to everyone. As a thank you for your loyalty, we would like to point out the special bargains we have ready for you in the C&A Sale. Clothing for special occasions and sports – here you will find the best selection.

Every piece a favorite

With us, you'll not only find the latest trends and many potential favorites but also exactly the right size. Feel beautiful in modern clothing that just fits. With us, you'll find affordable jeans that are so comfortable you'll want to wear them every day. Combine them with what you love. Perhaps a trendy knitted sweater? Or a cheerful blouse made of light chiffon? Whether it's a romantic dress, a short skirt, or a warm knitted jacket, or a casual outfit with a T-shirt and capri pants or a serious women's suit – you'll find what you need with us in matching quality and at an affordable price.

Great selection for babies and children

With our child-friendly clothing, even the little ones will feel good. We offer functional baby clothing with thoughtful designs in many cheerful colors. As the boys and girls grow older, you can dress them in our great children's fashion up to size 176. Here you will find what every child needs – and at affordable prices. After all, it is always surprising how quickly the little ones outgrow the clothes that fit perfectly yesterday. Since we are aware of this, we have tailored our children's clothing range precisely to your needs and a normal budget. Discover baby clothing with us that not only looks cute but is also very functional. With us, you'll find wrap bodysuits, playsuits, and baby overalls, as well as baby jackets for any weather. The older boys will be excited about cool jeans and shirts with colorful prints or trendy hoodies. The range for girls is also impressive with its versatility, not just with visually appealing eye-catchers. Here you'll find imaginative blouses for girls, fairytale dresses, and playful skirts, as well as functional jackets and rain boots for children, so they're well-dressed during the transitional seasons. Light summer jackets and warm, water-repellent winter jackets for children and boots ensure that your child is always well-dressed for a break in kindergarten or on the way to school.

Perfect style for the office

And there's also plenty to discover for men in our range. We offer you classic shirts for the office and casual shirts for the relaxed time afterward and the weekend. A perfect office outfit also includes well-tailored trousers and a timeless jacket that you can wear on many other occasions. Give your outfit a finishing touch with a classic blazer or suit jacket, and you'll always be well-dressed. In your free time, of course, it can be much more informal. With comfortable shorts and a sporty T-shirt, you'll be perfectly dressed for an afternoon in the garden. For cooler days, you'll find warm knitted sweaters, sweatshirts, and long trousers in the range. Choose the style that best suits your personality, so you feel comfortable. And if you don't mind a bit of extra comfort, simply combine your outfit with a functional vest that offers extra pockets and ensures you're always protected from the wind and the accompanying cold.

Discover fashion trends for women, men, and children at C&A!

Whether it's a fashionable long elegant dress in various styles like an A-line dress, fitted dress, empire dress, Fit and Flare dress, or a sleek pencil dress for a romantic dance night or a sparkling New Year's outfit. For every special occasion, from your best friend's wedding to Easter and Christmas, you'll find something for every age group with us. After all, we want you and your loved ones to always show yourselves in the best light and shine with good taste. Festive clothing is, of course, also available in plus sizes, so there's something for all our customers. Shopping online at C&A should simply be fun and deliver exactly what you want. Discover many exciting trends now! Is your vacation about to start? Then we wish you lots of fun, good relaxation, and offer you the ideal outfit for the summer holiday and the ski holiday in the colder time of the year. For the whole family, we have affordable seasonal clothing that makes the time spent together even more enjoyable. Discover trendy swimwear and matching summer clothing and summer accessories like a long tunic, summer hats, and extra-large sunglasses. You also don't need to worry about playing children because they are optimally protected from UV rays with a long beach shirt or swimsuits with colorful motifs. The same goes for uninterrupted play in the snow during winter. With water-repellent snowsuits, cozy hats, and warm scarves in cheerful colors, the whole family is well-equipped to build a giant snowman together and enjoy the time together. Whether it's summer or winter, with our clothing, you'll be well-prepared for every season. We've thought of everything and wish you lots of fun with your affordable online shopping at C&A.

Contact
Contact & feedback
Reporting of illegal content
Newsletter
Help
FAQ
Delivery
Payment
Returns
Complaints
Availability
Size guide
About C&A
Company
Sustainability
Press releases
Careers
Company contacts
Europe | EN
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Cookie Settings
Trend
Party outfits for men
Children's clothing with comic designs
Disney
Women Jeans
Summer Dresses
Lady's Jackets
Men's jeans
Men's Suits